TELCODOCS-1868-RN (#81409)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-17-release-notes.adoc

[id="ocp-4-17-networking_{context}"]
=== Networking

[id="ocp-4-17-nw-sriov-day1-nics"]
==== NIC partitioning for SR-IOV devices general availability (GA)

With this update, the ability to enable NIC partitioning for Single Root I/O Virtualization (SR-IOV) devices at install time is moving from Technology Preview support to GA.

> For more information, see xref:../installing/installing_bare_metal/preparing-to-install-on-bare-metal.adoc#nw-sriov-dual-nic-con_preparing-to-install-on-bare-metal[NIC partitioning for SR-IOV devices].

Reviewer: The page linked to still has TP in the title (reminder just in case).

Author: Thanks for the reminder. That is being addressed in https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/81406 (I think you are reviewing this one also)

[id="ocp-4-17-nw-sriov-vfs-day2"]
==== Host network settings for SR-IOV VFs general availability (GA)

> With this update, the ability to update host network settings for Single Root I/O Virtualization (SR-IOV) network virtual functions in an existing cluster is moving from Technology Preview support to GA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this update, the ability to update host network settings for Single Root I/O Virtualization (SR-IOV) network virtual functions in an existing cluster is generally available (GA).
```
